Introduction - Triage Android application:The purpose of this application is to aid in the organization and management of an emergency room (ER). Nurses will use the application to track and manage patients personal data, vitals, and symptoms. From this data the app will assign patients urgency based on the hospitals rating system.Description of classes:Emergency room:The emergency room class manages all of the patients. This class handles the creation, storage, and manipulation of all patient data. When the app is loaded this class stores all patients as a HashMap, mapping health card number to patient objects. The emergency room can assign an urgency rating to patients based on their vital signs.User:User is an abstract class that handles the processes of logging in to the application. Nurse:Nurse extends user, this allows nurse to log in to the application. Nurses handle many of the responsibilities of managing patients.Patient:The patient class manages all the information that revolves around ER patients. Patients themselves cannot change this data, it is assigned to them by nurses. The patient’s list of vitals is stored as a hash map mapping time of the measurement to the data, it is the same for symptoms.  Description of Data persistence:We decided to store the list of patient data in a MySQLite database. The MySQLite database will scale better than using text files, and allows information to be stored in a more organized way than text files allow.Argument for Design:Our design balances flexibility and specialization. Initially we planned to have the Patient class automatically calculate urgency. By making the emergency room class assign urgency we make Patient more modular, allowing for patient to be reused if a different emergency room has a different urgency rating system. We also decided to have a User class, as it makes the design more adaptable. For example, allowing for the addition of doctors to sign in and manipulate data. Overall, this app could have been designed with fewer classes, but only at a significant cost to flexibility.